# BlockPress
After cloning the Repository on your Computer:
1. Go to the client folder and run "npm install" to install all the prerequisites and dependencies.
2. Now run the command "npm start" in the same client directory to start the App in your default browser.
3. Make sure you have "Metamask" extension installed in your browser because in order to interact will blockchain based applications we   need a blockchain wallet which will store our keys securily and helps in interacting with the Web app.("https://blog.wetrust.io/how-to-install-and-use-metamask-7210720ca047")
4. After the above step create your wallet and just import this private key.  ("b34097648bf6cb93f682be2d9bc756b2c75e35e598c16aa5f49b8c7c90b9f2ae") (How to import account ? "https://medium.com/publicaio/how-import-a-wallet-to-your-metamask-account-dcaba25e558d#:~:text=After%20creating%20an%20account%2C%20click,key%20string%20and%20click%20Import.")
5. As I have deployed the Smart contract on ropsten testing network so you need just ropsten tokens in order to interact(How to get free Ropsten tokens?"https://support.mycrypto.com/how-to/getting-started/where-to-get-testnet-ether"). So I have added some tokens to the above account and I have registered it as StateAdmin so you can add as many Hospital Admins and staffs and check the functionalities as per your need and also make sure you have selected Ropsten Test Network(How to select netowrk ?"https://blog.bankex.org/how-to-buy-ethereum-using-metamask-ccea0703daec"). Note# There can be only one deployer who deploys the smart contract so its the SuperAdmin who is equivalent to ICMR New Delhi who controls all the state level hospital authorities in India and StateAdmins will be the one who will add Hospitals in their respective States. HospitalAdmins will be one who will add staffs to the network i.e., Lab teechnician, Doctor, Receptionist. Doctor and Lab technician can only upload records to the patients address and Receptionist will be one who will register patients to the Application in our network cluster.Patiens can only see his/her records and give permission to the doctors who can view his/her records and also revoke it. I am also working on its encryption and decryption but will do after a while as I am currently seeking Jobs/internships offers.
6. Make sure you are following the right architecture( StateAdmin->HospitalAdmins->Receptionist,Doctor,Lab Technician && Receptionist->Patients) and for uploading records (Doctor,Lab technician->patients address) but need to register patients 1st before uploading by Receptionist. Also have a good internet connection because you will be interacting with Ropsten test network.
7. Also remember the metamask transaction might take some time so if its taking too long and inorder to make it fast open metmask pop-up and click on activity the click on Speed up the select fast and save.
8. You can add the same account and assign it will different roles but remember to follow the architecture strictly and aslo if you added the same account as patient and doctor then you cannot give permission and its logically true why you need to give permission to yoursself to see your own records. I would suggest, add several different accounts with Ropsten tokens in metamask and switch accounts in metamask properly as per the architecture.
9. Note# As I have already deployed this smart contract on Ropsten test network so you need Ropsten ethers in order to interact so get the first and I would also suggest add atleast 5 different account(Just open metamask and click the circle button on the top right and select create account and name it as per your need then request Ropsten tokens from faucets I have provided the link earlier, to each account) and assign them with different roles and naame it in Metamaks as EHR_Doctor,EHR_Patient, EHR_Receptionist, EHR_Labtechnician, EHR_HospitalAdmin along with the account I have provided above with private key. 
10. I know its a lot of stuffs to do but in order to create something amazing we have to be patient and keep learning.
11. For more details check out the Video&PPT&WorkFlow folder.
12. I would also want everyone to know its a team Project which took my team to SIH Grand finals 2020 and I have worked on writing the smart contract for this project specifically for implementing Access Control part in this Project.
